hi there this video is going to show off
a 1988 toyota landcruiser FJ 62 that we
restored for the original owner here are
some shots of the truck in its original
state two hundred and sixty thousand
miles here's the new powertrain getting
prepared to go in which is the new GM
5.3 emissions certified ear odd package
you see the chassis being torn down that
got torn all the way down to the bare
rails as the body got shelled and put on
a cart then the chassis got
powder-coated milspec one powertrain
detailed ceramic coated exhaust
TK's rebuilt everything else new then we
overhauled the axle stem to stern and
upgraded the rotors the stainless lines
and the calipers a bare metal repaint
and a clients preferred two-tone color
configuration he cured in the booth
polyuria coated on the underside and
inside floors and we were done
so that quick monologue makes seem like
that happen in this time of 1/2 now a
reality show but realistically that was
about seven months of work all in really
happy with the truck client just flew
out to come visit it he's pretty stoked
as well so what more could we ask for
the colors the clients opinion take it
or leave it
it's really grown on me I kind of like
the nostalgic feel of it some people
think it's really gross other people
think it's the coolest six-two they've
ever seen this is a stage 2 Plus resto
with the conversion so that means when
the body went back together went back
together with all new OEM trim so non
USA JDM side marker lights the grille
plastics and bumpers and door handles
and mirrors and weather stripping and
window--a edge all new headlights on
this truck or upgraded to the JW speaker
part of the line that we use in our icon
Bronco series they're really good lights
they're all LED projector style beams
with supplement side beams to give you
more of a fan spread those are a direct
bolt-in for your stock FJ 62 although
they're fairly costly these side vents
unfortunately to let it just
discontinued which is killing me
if anyone in the Toyota parts world is
listening please stop discontinuing this
stuff for the 60s and 62s people love
them we're starting to feel the pinch
and it's making our jobs a little bit
more difficult these door handles are
brand new but I believe there's only
four or five more sets left in captivity
and then we are out this client wanted
the truck dead stock would no boy
jewelry evident on the outside so
although there are tons of upgrades
they're mostly subtle such as LED
conversions and every light throughout
the truck including the instrument
panels there you see the erudite plated
hardware which is all original you
plated high in phone call audio system
done pretty low profile to hide behind
the stock speaker enclosures except for
the separates a nice rule twilled
textile with Mercedes vinyl four side
panels on you stuffing and phone
new dash pad new headliner Dynamat
extensively throughout the interior
dense file cut loop marine rated white
bolt charcoal gray carpet with again
extreme liner sound dead or below it and
then rubber mats that are removable upon
it in the back we have the locking cargo
storage panels that we use quite often
great product and then we line ex the
inside of those quarters after applying
Dynamat and strips so that you get more
utility in these storage areas without
worrying about denting up the side
panels the tailgate was also modified
with these great gear panels so the
tailgate and what was a dead cavity
before now has this nice full width
storage compartment where you can put
all sorts of goodies it's good stuff
this client wanted more audio than
utilities so we created a false floor in
the cargo area which hides the
amplifiers and the 12-inch bass by JL
Audio and then that's vinyl wrapped MDF
composite construction and then the
carpet that goes on top all wheels are
dead stock factory with new centers
otherwise cleaned and polished here you
see some of the polyuria substrate
coating that we apply to the underside
of the complete body that's also on the
inside floors of the body here's some
underside chassis shots with the DLC
upgraded calipers burr fields everything
I mean basically we stripped the front
rear axles on a job of the scale down to
the raw housings powder coat por-15 pain
plate and replace all wearing mechanical
parts and knuckle bearings and seals and
overall the diff et cetera chassis SMIL
spec one the exhaust is all ceramic
coated catalytic converters you see they
are part of that GM certified ear odd
package it's a really nice system we're
developing a pallet kit to allow you to
order that engine kit from your GM
dealer and then everything else needed
from us and you can do this caliber of
conversion at home stay tuned for that
next year it's something that we've been
working on here slowly but surely and I
guess that's the end of my story I'll
just shut up and let the video play out
I talk too much anyway as always thank
you for your support
TLC 4x4
komm we do restorations like this day in
and day out we've done hundreds of them
to a higher standard I believe than
anyone I've seen thanks again